Add /faker-ruby/faker-bot to README (#1653)
stympy/faker: README.md

Faker::Internet.email #=> "kirsten.greenholt@corkeryfisher.info"
```

### CLI

> Instructions [available here](https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker-bot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions are available in the [faker-bot README](https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker-bot).
```

This makes the link less hard to grasp for a screen-reader, skipping quickly from link to link.
